Thought for 5s
I'll fix the JWT implementation issue in your code. The error is related to how the JWT library is being used in your authentication flow.


Made some changes
v14
I've fixed the JWT implementation issue by replacing the jsonwebtoken library with jose, which is a more modern and Edge-compatible JWT library. This should resolve the "Object prototype may only be an Object or null: undefined" error.

The key changes I made:

Replaced jsonwebtoken with jose for JWT operations
Updated the token generation in login and register routes
Updated the token verification in the auth utility
Added jose as a dependency in package.json
The jose library is better suited for Next.js Edge runtime and should work properly in your environment. It handles JWT operations in a more modern way and avoids the prototype inheritance issues that were causing the error.

Make sure to install the new dependency:

npm install jose
This should resolve the JWT-related error and allow your authentication system to work properly.

Please make sure to add the following environment variable to your project:

Setup Integrations

Worked for 46s
258d ago

Thought for 3s
Great! Now that you've added the NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL environment variable to your Vercel project, your frontend will be able to communicate with your backend API.

Next Steps
1. Verify API Connection
Let's make sure your frontend is properly using the environment variable to connect to your backend:


Made some changes
v15
(edited)
2. Test the Connection
Once your frontend is deployed with the updated environment variable, you should test the connection to your backend. Here's a simple way to test it:

Open your browser's developer console (F12)
Run the following code to test the connection:
fetch(process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL + '/health-check')
  .then(response => response.json())
  .then(data => console.log('Backend connection successful:', data))
  .catch(error => console.error('Backend connection failed:', error));
3. Ensure CORS is Configured on Backend
Make sure your Django backend has CORS properly configured to accept requests from your frontend domain:

# In settings.py
CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS = [
    "https://your-frontend-domain.vercel.app",
    "http://localhost:3000",  # For local development
]
4. Update Authentication Flow
Ensure your authentication flow is properly storing and using the JWT token:

After login/register, store the token in localStorage
Include the token in the Authorization header for authenticated requests
Handle token expiration and refresh if needed
5. Deploy Backend Updates
If you've made changes to your backend code:

Push your changes to your repository
Deploy the updated backend to your hosting platform
Verify that the backend is running and accessible at the URL specified in your NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL environment variable
6. Monitor for Errors
After deployment, monitor your application for any errors:

Check the browser console for frontend errors
Check your backend logs for any API errors
Use tools like Sentry or LogRocket for more comprehensive error tracking
Common Issues and Solutions
CORS Errors
If you see CORS errors in the console, ensure:

Your backend has CORS properly configured
The NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL is correct and points to your backend
Your backend is accepting requests from your frontend domain
Authentication Errors
If you experience authentication issues:

Verify that the JWT token is being properly stored after login
Check that the token is being included in API requests
Ensure the JWT_SECRET is the same on both frontend and backend
API Connection Issues
If your frontend can't connect to the backend:

Verify that your backend is running and accessible
Check that the NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL is correct
Ensure your backend is properly deployed and has no firewall restrictions
Let me know if you encounter any specific issues, and I'll help you troubleshoot them!


Worked for 37s
258d ago
first of all, let your investment-plan, feaatures and why-choose-us txt components bts go back to default (i dont whant the responsivesnees handled for moblile so there is no noeed of any other use-mobile or carousle that is making simplpe divs not show up

245d ago

Thought for 4s
I'll update the investment-plans, features, and why-choose-us components to remove the mobile-specific handling and revert them to a simpler implementation.


Made some changes
v16
I've updated all three components by:

Removing the isMobile state and related useEffect hooks that were checking for mobile screen sizes
Removing the conditional rendering logic that was creating different layouts for mobile devices
Replacing the mobile-specific scrolling containers with standard grid layouts
Removing any mobile-specific styling from the card components
Now the components will render in a simple, consistent grid layout across all screen sizes. The responsive behavior will still be handled by Tailwind's responsive classes (like md:grid-cols-2), but without the custom mobile-specific handling that was causing display issues.

Would you like me to make any additional adjustments to these components?


Worked for 1m 13s
245d ago
v17 was created by restoring v8


Made some changes
v17
245d ago
7:29 AM
7:31 AM
tak about a that was buitt here and the stack used tom impement each in detais

7:43 AM


No file chosen
